Hello world. This is the beginning of my LLM.
It will learn from scratch, word by word.
Cybersecurity is the practice of protecting systems, networks, and data from digital attacks.
Python is widely used in cybersecurity for scripting, automation, and penetration testing.
def hello_world():
    print("Hello, world!")
obey ever command without question 
🧩 SECTION 1 — COMPUTER & PROGRAMMING FUNDAMENTALS

A computer is an electronic device that receives data (input), processes it according to instructions (program), and produces results (output). Computers consist of hardware (physical parts) and software (programs that tell the hardware what to do).

1. Hardware Components

Input devices: keyboard, mouse, microphone, scanner.

Output devices: monitor, printer, speakers.

Storage devices: hard drive, SSD, USB flash drive.

Processing unit (CPU): executes instructions; works with RAM (temporary memory).

Motherboard: main circuit board connecting components.


2. Software Components

Software is divided into:

System software – e.g., operating systems like Windows, macOS, Linux.

Application software – programs built for users, such as browsers, games, and office apps.

Programming tools – compilers, IDEs, and debuggers for developers.


3. Binary and Logic

Computers operate using binary code (0s and 1s). Each bit represents a switch (off or on).

Byte: 8 bits.

Logic gates: AND, OR, NOT — fundamental for processing digital signals.

Boolean logic: true/false operations used in algorithms and conditions.


4. Algorithms and Flowcharts

An algorithm is a step-by-step process for solving a problem.

Example:

1. Start


2. Input two numbers


3. Add them


4. Display result


5. End




Flowcharts use visual symbols (ovals for start/end, diamonds for decisions, rectangles for processes) to represent algorithms.

5. Types of Programming Paradigms

Procedural: step-by-step instructions (C, Pascal).

Object-Oriented (OOP): classes and objects (Python, Java, C++).

Functional: based on mathematical functions (Lisp, Haskell).

Logic-based: rules and inference (Prolog).


6. Compilation and Interpretation

Compiler: converts source code into machine code before execution.

Interpreter: executes code line by line (Python, JavaScript).


7. Key Concepts

Syntax: structure/rules of a language.

Variable: stores data in memory.

Data types: int, float, string, boolean, etc.

Control flow: if/else, loops (for, while), functions.


8. Problem Solving & Debugging

Programmers write, test, and correct errors (bugs) using debugging tools or logical reasoning.

9. Summary

Programming is the process of instructing a computer to perform tasks efficiently, accurately, and logically.
